Get along well, and don't forget to eat.
Don't worry.
- You don't have to come out. - Okay.
- Goodbye. - Have fun.
Did you leave something?
Yes, I'm so forgetful.
Gosh, it's here.
Where's Jin Jin?
Is that all? Did you leave anything else behind?
No. Eat up.
You should eat more. Have some kimchi too.
- I'm going. - All right. Bye.
- Take care. - All right.
Sa Jin Jin, let's eat together.
(Message)
Let's have dinner together.
(Let's have dinner together.)
(Okay!)
(The eighth story: Stand by Me)
(Episode 15)
- Good morning. - Hi.
Lawyer Jang.
Do you remember the 2 dollar 40 cent embezzlement case?
The bus driver who was fired because he couldn't...
account for 2 dollars and 40 cents?
I want you to represent him in court.
What? Me? On my own?
Yes. It'll be your first court case.
Thank you.
I'll do my best.
How should I structure his defense?
He worked faithfully for 20 years,
and it's a small amount.
Let's say it's wrong to punish him...
for mistaking an adult for a student.
Okay, I'll do that.
Will you be back at 1pm as usual?
- Yes. Go have lunch. - I will.
What's all this?
I told you I'm going to lose weight.
You'll never stick to your plan.
This time, I'll lose weight and become like Jin Jin.
Mom, you know me.
I gained a lot of weight after my last diet.
I had a great figure when I first became a flight attendant.
I may be shorter,
but if I lose weight, I have a ratio similar to Jin Jin's.
Don't you think, objectively speaking,
that I have a prettier face?
I guess, if Jin Jin scrunched up her face.
I gave birth to you myself,
but what's wrong is wrong.
Then what? Should I not lose weight?
Gosh, do. Please do lose weight.
I beg of you. I have been for ages.
Lose weight, and move out.
- I need money. - What?
- I want to move out. - What?
I gave you 500 dollars a month to save up for my wedding.
Give me the 50,000 dollars.
I think it's wrong for someone who's anti-marriage...
to live with her parents.
Anti-marriage, my foot.
I'll live independently and as a proud, single woman.
I'll prove it to you.
I'm really sorry I won't be giving you a grandchild,
but I made up my mind.
Don't stop me. You can't. I'll be independent.
Why would I stop you? I'd rather celebrate.
You can move out or move in with someone else.
It's up to you.
I'd love to not have to clean up after you.
Really? Do you mean that?
But I can't give you any money. Figure your own way out.
- Why not? - Stop it.
You love nothing more...
than to spend money, so I don't trust you.
You've been working for 10 years now.
Don't tell me that 50,000 dollars is all you have saved up.
It's not.
(Hangeum-dong)
(Current balance)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...
7. 7 digits.
Forget it. I'll move out. I'll move out.
How about it?
She should go back to her true calling.
We're looking for a good project.
"I Live Alone" is a great project.
- It's very popular these days. - The thing is,
Jin Jin doesn't live alone.
She lives with her parents.
She has a separate room above her parents' house.
We did all the necessary research.
That's true but...
I'll be honest for your show's sake.
It'll be very boring.
She can't cook like Park Na Rae...
or enjoy the single life like Han Hye Jin.
She's like a child who can't...
do anything without her parents.
Who cares about that?
Her looks make up for it.
I'll cook dinner. I'm not bad.
No. I should cook.
(Mr. Baek's recipes)
Let me see...
Okay.
(What to cook for a boyfriend)
I'm moving out. Do you want some noodles?
(Do you want some noodles?)
This is perfect.
The deposit is 30,000 dollars. You said you have 3,000.
Oh, there's one more zero. No wonder.
Out of clothes, food, and shelter, shelter is the trendiest.
I need a nice place.
2,000 dollars a month in rent?
I'll move in. You can rent my room.
It's too expensive, right?
The best place to live alone would be...
the Hongdae or Sangsu area.
Hongdae, the street of youth. Sounds good.
It's Sa Jin Jin. Hurry up.
Come on.
Hello?
I saw the apartment on the Tinkerbell application.
The Hongdae one with a 3,000-dollar deposit and 380-dollar rent.
I think someone wants it.
- Already? - They disappear so quickly.
You know apartments like that are hard to find.
Are you a student?
Talk to your parents, and call me back as soon as possible.
Okay.
I don't believe this.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Let's go upstairs.
- There's a loft? - I'm amazed.
- Tada. - You succeeded, Ah Reum.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
I have Chinese bush clover wine.
My skin is so soft the day after I drink.
Let's drink to our smooth skin.
- To our new hangout. - Cheers.
Hi, I'm the person who just called.
I'll wire you the deposit.
I'm not able to come over right now.
It's fine as long as it looks like the photos.
Okay.
(Bombed Jung Woo Sung)
What are you doing?
I can't play. I must work to feed myself.
Okay. Are you flying?
You sound so ancient.
- Where are you headed? - Busan.
Oh, Busan?
- A quick-turn again? - Yes.
- What time do you return? - 8pm.
8pm? Okay.
What'll you do then? Eat dinner or go home?
Woo Sung, are you bored?
No, not at all.
You have social status as a doctor.
You couldn't be bored.
Eat some snacks if you are.
Ji Hye, there you are.
Ah Reum. Ah Reum? Han Ah Reum.
She hung up again.
(OBGYN, Jung Woo Sung)
Why does she always hang up on me?
(Make her curious.)
What do you mean "make her curious"?
Curious about what?
No. This isn't right.
The tire is the problem. You need a new one.
Do I? Change it, then. How long will it take?
I'll need a while to find the model. Maybe by tomorrow morning?
Tomorrow?
- Excuse me. - Sure.
Hey, I saw you pick chestnuts on "Hometown Report".
I was going to call you.
Hey, I'm sorry to jump right to the point.
But you were the only one I could think of.
What is it?
My dad got stung by a bee, and he needs to get to a hospital.
But I have a pre-scheduled event.
- Can you help me out? - Of course.
Where is it?
- Wow, a celebrity! - Wow, a celebrity!
- Can we get an autograph? - Can we get an autograph?
Do you know who I am?
- Yes, you're Sa Jin Jin. - Yes, you're Sa Jin Jin.
- Wow, it's Sa Jin Jin. - Wow, it's Sa Jin Jin.
Hey, kids. I have a quiz for you. Listen carefully.
Someone who's big...
or someone who can be responsible for their own life.
What do you call an adult who's over 20 years old?
If you know, raise your hand.
- Me. - You.
- A grown-up. - Bingo.
Listen carefully. I'm 35, so I'm a grown-up.
You're all below the age of 10, so you're children.
Now, question two. Should a child call a grown-up by their name?
If you call me Sa Jin Jin, is that a good kid or a bad kid?
- A bad kid. - A bad kid.
You're all very smart. Now, one more time.
- Who am I again? - Ms. Sa.
You were all good kids. Give me those. I'll sign them.
Are you married?
I heard you truly grow up after you get married. But you aren't.
- But she's 35 years old. - That's a pity.
I'm married. I'm on "We Got Married".
- What? - I'm married on "We Got Married".
- No way. - She's not married.
Stop. What's your name?
I'm Song Ji Wu.
There has been a change in the fan signing event...
of the popular reporter, Wang Yong.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, Wang Yong cannot be here.
Instead, an actor who recently played Oh Gwi Nam...
in the popular drama "Two Husbands",
a former member of the popular group Boys Be Ambitious,
Anthony will be here for the fan signing event.
I hope you all receive him enthusiastically.
Again, the fan signing event of the popular reporter Wang Yong...
- has been changed... - Hey, good kids.
- due to unforeseen circumstances. - Where are your moms and aunts?
I'm cutting off Chul Min.
What is it?
He's on "We Got Married" with Sa Jin Jin. I hate the show and her.
Ji Won, it's nothing to laugh at.
I remember telling him that she's a fox.
I knew it. He's been saying that she's pretty and stuff.
Did he say she was pretty? Chul Min did?
Yes, that's nonsense.
- She is pretty though. - You're insane.
Both you and Chul Min have no eyes. You're both insane.
What's wrong with men?
It's because men can't lie.
Who says so? "We Got Married" is completely scripted.
- Right? - Of course.
They pretend to like and love each other.
Isn't that repulsive?
If it's all scripted, why do you hate that he's on it with Jin Jin?
You're not making any sense.
He's my brother.
I don't want to see him be all lovey-dovey with Jin Jin.
How am I not making any sense?
You're right.
Oh, I thought you needed to buy something.
Right, I almost forgot.
- Let's eat quickly and go. - Okay.
We thank you for visiting Hanaggot Market...
every season of the year.
We want to pay you back for the love and support...
you have shown us for the last 10 years.
We're holding a fan signing event...
with Anthony who played Oh Gwi Nam on "Two Husbands".
Hello, welcome. Yes, it's fine.
You'll get to see...
Oh Gwi Nam's broad shoulders...
- with your own eyes. - Anthony's doing a fan signing...
at Hanaggot Market in Hangeum-dong. There aren't many people here.
Candies, if you're nearby, come and see him right now.
By Candy 1055.
Yes, come here.
Hello. Good for you!
Yes, come around, everyone. Thank you.
I'm giving it to my dear Jeon Seol, so make it look pretty.
I'm his sunflower.
Make this one bigger. Make it look as fancy as possible.
That's a dracaena. If it flowers, good things will happen to you.
Is it also called "the lucky plant"?
You know your plants.
The stem has grown. It looks like it'll bloom soon.
[VIU Ver] E15 20th Century Boy & Girl "Stand by Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Excuse me, are you checking out right now?
If not, get out of the way. I'm busy.
- I'm sorry. - Hurry.
I'm sorry, I'll pay for that.
(Anthony's Fan Signing Event)
- Anthony! - Anthony!
(I love you, Anthony!)
- Anthony, Anthony - Anthony, Anthony
Thank you for your support for Anthony and Hanaggot Market.
We thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. I love you. Thank you so much.
There are many men, but only one Oh Gwi Nam.
- Hold my hands. - Your one and only Anthony.
Oh, right.
We're holding an event right now. After you get his autograph,
you can come right in and purchase our products.
Thank you.
- Goodness. - Oh my gosh.
- Everyone, be patient. - Hey.
You know me, right? I'm Candy 2437.
- Please wait one moment. - Give us a moment.
Anthony is so nice, isn't he?
- Hello. - Hello.
I'm Candy 1181.
- I'm Candy 5234. - I'm Candy 1004.
(I love you, Seon Hwa.)
Bye.
Anthony, look.
Goodness, you're adorable.
This is unbelievable, Anthony.
I'm Candy 913.
- Candy 913. - Yes.
- It's hard to be within 1000. - I know.
I'm a huge fan of yours.
Take my Cupid's arrow
Hey, I may have...
married another guy, but you're my only love.
"I love you, Anthony."
- Can you hold my hand too? - Of course.
Oh, he just pooped. I should go.
- I'll take that. - Thank you.
- See you. Bye. - Bye.
- Hello. - Hello.
I'm Lee Jae Sook.
(Anthony)
There's our superstar.
- Great job today. - Great job.
You brought all the women to our market today.
Our sales went up by 50 percent.
You're truly the fairy of TV ratings.
- Oh, gosh. - I can't believe you're here today.
Oh, right. Ms. Sa Jin Jin came to shop for groceries during the day.
It's a great day for our market.
Oh, Jin Jin was here?
Yes, she was.
She has such a tiny face.
But her eyes, nose, and lips completely filled up that tiny face.
- Anyway, thank you. - Sure.
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
(Wang Yong's Fan Signing)
(To-do list)
Dad. Dad!
All right.
Why would we need to take pictures at this age?
Dad, can you take a picture of me with Mom?
What? All right.
Come here.
Make sure the cathedral looks cool. Don't forget to include our legs.
- Let's make a heart. - How?
- Like this. - Like this?
Here.
Where is it?
Mom, you look so pretty.
Gosh, you look prettier.
My face doesn't even look like a face.
- You're really pretty. - Where?
I'm so hungry.
Me too. I'm hungry.
What should we eat?
I heard that Nambu Market is famous for bean sprout soup.
Bean sprout soup? It sounds nice.
Gosh, we came so far. Why would we go to a market?
There are so many restaurants here.
What do you want, Mom?
What kind of restaurants are there? It's Jeonju. There must be a lot.
Yes, there must be.
(Good restaurants in Jeonju)
- Look. - Oh, my. There are so many.
- There are so many here. - There's bibimbap too.
I should get going first.
All right. I'll leave after I finish this.
- Good luck. - Thank you. See you tomorrow.
Goodbye.
The plaintiff has been working at this company diligently...
and has never caused any problems with the...
With the...
Has never caused any problems with the cargo rate.
The unpaid charge of 2 dollars and 40 cents...
was caused because he mistook the price of four adults'...
bus fare for student's bus fare.
Do you think that his mistake...
caused such a severe social problem...
that it was necessary to discontinue his employment?
Your Honor. Your Honor.
Your Honor. Honorable...
No, this is not it. Let's do it again.
Your Honor. Gosh.
Honorable...
Lawyer Kang...
I left some documents.
I... I know this is a written statement...
and that it's not necessary.
This is a civil case, so it might not be necessary.
But maybe at the end,
I might need to make a final statement.
So if I practiced, I thought it may be helpful. But maybe not...
Of course, it would be helpful.
I'll be back tomorrow afternoon after the trial in Suwon.
I'm really leaving now.
All right. Goodbye.
Gosh, it's so embarrassing.
Gosh, I'm so embarrassed.
I'm so embarrassed.
I fell flat on my face because of the turbulence.
I'm going to eat some tteokbokki. Prepare soju and beer for me.
Your Honor.
(I'm going to eat some tteokbokki. Prepare soju and beer for me.)
I have some work left. I'll be there when I'm done.
You should eat first with Ji Won.
(You should eat first with Ji Won.)
Is that okay with you?
He was your first love.
The second place is coming. Prepare yourselves.
(Anthony)
(Answer)
Yes?
- Who is it? - It's me.
Hold on.
Hello.
- Come in. - I have a present for you.
You should give it to me inside.
Just come outside for a bit. It's too big to carry inside.
What is it?
(Episode 16 will air shortly.)